My choices are to just cancel the shopify account because it is more trouble then its going to be worth or see if I can reasonably get it where it can take purchases.
Until you take a look and see what's involved I am not sure. I'm going to send you a link to the product it is selling or close to it so you will know what fields need to be on the order taking page. I just thought you may want to have a look first.
Just found this amazing item on AliExpress. Check it out! $3.14  37%OFF | Color Custom Pet Portrait Personalized Poster Christmas Gift Canvas Painting Animal Dog Art Print Wall Picture Living Room Decor
https://a.aliexpress.com/_mN88vXk
Tailswaggingtoys@outlook.com
Malinois09!



The order page needs to be able to collect the information needed to fulfill an order like the one in the ad.

The order page needs to be able to collect the information needed to fulfill an order like the one in the ad.

I don't know how much trouble it would be to add the s to the name of the store, but if it's an easy fix, you can put that on the list.

You can't go to the site and place an order, they have it saying something about getting 5 digital AI pictures of the pictures the client would submit. That is not what I want to sell. Anyone can get a digital picture made from a photo for free.

Right, it is supposed to sell a product like I sent you the link to. Not what ever that is they are trying to sell

The images and fonts and colors and all that is fine though

The biggest hurdle is the order page collecting the picture they are submitting and having the fields needed for where they enter the background color desired and the choice of sizes with the cost of each size. I figured we would get into all this once you know what you would charge me. All the other changes will be easy, just changing some wording and other little things. Being able to take the order and have it sent to the supplier for fulfilling is my main objective.

Okay, give me a little bit. I had to turn on double authentication for their check out to work so I need to deactivate that because it's set to my fingerprint. I can only do that from my laptop and I only have my phone right now. I will send you another message with the login info once I have it where it will work for you, okay?

Please keep it informal. I do not have a deadline, this is just something that was going to be trashed but I thought if I could find someone that could make the site right for not much money it could be worth the effort. We are both new to this, so I don't even know what a fair budget would be. I just figured that if the bids I got back made this impossible for me to do, I would have my answer. But hopefully, it will not take you long to make the changes, and you will be able to keep it affordable.  I promise to send more work your way if I can just get this first store up and going. My plans are to have at least a handful of 1 product store. I market them through social media. But like you, this is a new area to me, so I am just feeling it out right now. If you have a ball park price I can let you know if we are even in the same area.

What I am saying is that I am exploring my options. If getting the shopify store like it needs to be is going to be a lot of trouble and cost a lot to fix, yes I may cancel it. If you can get it right without it costing a lot, I would rather do that.

I was thinking that there is probably a pluggin you could install to do what I need that would not be to time consuming, but what do I know. So if you think the fix will be easy for you let's do it. But if you think it will get very involved and take a while to do then I probably can not afford it. So I need to know from you if this can be done for not a lot of money.

It's hard to say what my cost has been because I paid a fee for a mentorship, and he had his people do the work that has been done. He has them working on a store that is one they can handle for me. This one he told me just as I explained it to you. I can try to get it open, or I can cancel it. It is up to me. The full price for the store starts next month when the 90-day trial ends. So I need to find out if it is going to cost to much to try and open it. Let me get you the login information and you take a look and see if this is something you can do without needing to charge much. If you can't I totally will understand. I have nothing to compare this too so I have no idea what something like this should cost.

You have totally lost me. But no I do not want to start from scratch. Either I want to fix what's there or scrap it. The design is done, I just need a page that has a way to submit the details of the order.

You have totally lost me. But no I do not want to start from scratch. Either I want to fix what's there or scrap it. The design is done, I just need a page that has a way to submit the details of the order.